docs: updates contributing docs (#1016)
primer/view_components: docs/content/contributing.md

## Writing documentation

Documentation is written as [YARD](https://yardoc.org/) comments directly in the source code, compiled into Markdown via `build exec rake docs:build` and served by [Doctocat](https://github.com/primer/doctocat).

### Storybook / Documentation / Demo Rails App

> * **Storybook**: Components can be interacted with, seen in different contexts, and controls can be maniuplated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Storybook**: Components can be interacted with, seen in different contexts, and controls can be manipulated
```

  * Typically runs on port 5000
  * To rebuild stories, navigate to the `demo` directory (`cd demo`) and then run `bin/rails view_component_storybook:write_stories_json`
* **Docs**: Generated YARD docs with examples, see components with usage instructions and examples
  * Typically runs on port 5400
  * To rebuild docs, run `bundle exec rake docs:build`
* **Demo App**: See components on a plain page with no interfering framework or styling. Used to test functionality.
  * Typically runs on port 4000 - visit `/rails/view_components/` in your browser

>   * To rerender the templates, you do not have to restart the server. Run this command and refresh the page.

Reviewer: Which command does this bullet point refer to?

Author: Whoops - thank you - updated! https://github.com/primer/view_components/pull/1016/commits/35f2be5867dc9ea7d5df7d8d46c9739e9c1ddb0e

---
To run Storybook, the documentation site, and the demo app, run:

```bash
script/dev
```

If you are running into issues or not seeing your updates, a few things you can try:

* Delete the `overmind.sock` file and run `script/dev` again
* Ensure you have run `script/setup`

> * Delete the `node_modules` file and rereun `script/setup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Delete the `node_modules` directory and re-run `script/setup`
```
